README.md, before:

## Why PDF version?

As a full stack web (and backend service) developer, I often need to create api & admin interface for small to medium web applications in shortest possible time. And due the expressive syntax & the rapid development tools provided, I find [Laravel](https://laravel.com/) to be very useful for this purpose.

Also for myself, I sometimes intensionally turn off internet while writing code to focus on work to meet deadline. During that isolated time, I need offline versions of documentation of various tools, libraries and framework. Even though, for most of the other tools, libraries & frameworks offline documentation is available, for Laravel it was never true. To solve this issue, few years back I created & maintained offline downloadable documentation of all Laravel versions available then and published via [Leanpub](https://leanpub.com/u/mnishihan) as free (with 0.0 minimum price) for others, with scripted processing on the markdown files from the [Laravel documentation repo](https://github.com/laravel/docs) available in github. But, unfortunately with some successive policy changes by Leanpub authority for the authors, it was becoming impossible for me to maintain already published versions or create new books for new versions of Laravel. Also, due to professional requirement, I had to switch to various other technologies and didn't had to work with Laravel for a few years. So, I eventually give up maintaining those Leanpub publications of Offline Documentation of Laravel.

Recently I got back to Laravel for some new projects and missed the Offline Documentation again, while getting myself up to date with new features available in new versions of Laravel. So, this time, instead of depending on third party publishing platforms, I developed a new tool myself for automating the required processing and creation of PDFs from various branches of the [documentation repo](https://github.com/laravel/docs). This file is result of one such conversion.

> In this repo, you can always find up-to-date PDF files corresponding to documentation for each version of Laravel and download copies for offline use. If you find these PDF documentation files useful and want to share some support, please give this repo a star and share with your social/professional network.
>
> You can also **watch** this repo and/or **follow** me on [Github](https://github.com/mnishihan/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/mnishihan) or [Linkedin](https://bd.linkedin.com/in/mnishihan), to get **notification** about future releases of the PDF version of Laravel documentation.

Any kind of **appreciation** from the community will **encourage & motivate me** to continue maintaining this project **regularly**. To show your generous support, you can of course

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/mnishihan"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>

## License & copyright

All the PDF files available in [laravel-docs-in-pdf](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf) repo are licensed under [The Unlicense](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/blob/main/LICENSE) license and available in [public domain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_domain). Feel free to copy, modify, distribute or whatever you want to do with these files.

But, please be aware that, the documentation content of all the PDF files (beside the cover & preface pages) are not covered with this license and is licensed under the original license of [Laravel documentation](https://github.com/laravel/docs/blob/9.x/license.md) as defined in the [original documentation's repo](https://github.com/laravel/docs).

Commit message:

Added download links in Readme file

README.md, after:

## Why PDF version?

As a full stack web (and backend service) developer, I often need to create api & admin interface for small to medium web applications in shortest possible time. And due the expressive syntax & the rapid development tools provided, I find [Laravel](https://laravel.com/) to be very useful for this purpose.

Also for myself, I sometimes intensionally turn off internet while writing code to focus on work to meet deadline. During that isolated time, I need offline versions of documentation of various tools, libraries and framework. Even though, for most of the other tools, libraries & frameworks offline documentation is available, for Laravel it was never true. To solve this issue, few years back I created & maintained offline downloadable documentation of all Laravel versions available then and published via [Leanpub](https://leanpub.com/u/mnishihan) as free (with 0.0 minimum price) for others, with scripted processing on the markdown files from the [Laravel documentation repo](https://github.com/laravel/docs) available in github. But, unfortunately with some successive policy changes by Leanpub authority for the authors, it was becoming impossible for me to maintain already published versions or create new books for new versions of Laravel. Also, due to professional requirement, I had to switch to various other technologies and didn't had to work with Laravel for a few years. So, I eventually give up maintaining those Leanpub publications of Offline Documentation of Laravel.

Recently I got back to Laravel for some new projects and missed the Offline Documentation again, while getting myself up to date with new features available in new versions of Laravel. So, this time, instead of depending on third party publishing platforms, I developed a new tool myself for automating the required processing and creation of PDFs from various branches of the [documentation repo](https://github.com/laravel/docs). This file is result of one such conversion.

> In this repo, you can always find up-to-date PDF files corresponding to documentation for each version of Laravel and download copies for offline use. If you find these PDF documentation files useful and want to share some support, please give this repo a star and share with your social/professional network.
>
> You can also **watch** this repo and/or **follow** me on [Github](https://github.com/mnishihan/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/mnishihan) or [Linkedin](https://bd.linkedin.com/in/mnishihan), to get **notification** about future releases of the PDF version of Laravel documentation.

Any kind of **appreciation** from the community will **encourage & motivate me** to continue maintaining this project **regularly**. To show your generous support, you can of course

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/mnishihan"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>

## Direct download links to files

Due to large size, sometimes you may face issues to download files from PDF display page. In that case you can download the files following below links:

- [Laravel 3.x](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-3.x.pdf)
- [Laravel 4.0](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-4.0.pdf)
- [Laravel 4.1](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-4.1.pdf)
- [Laravel 4.2](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-4.2.pdf)
- [Laravel 5.0](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-5.0.pdf)
- [Laravel 5.1](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-5.1.pdf)
- [Laravel 5.2](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-5.2.pdf)
- [Laravel 5.3](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-5.3.pdf)
- [Laravel 5.4](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-5.4.pdf)
- [Laravel 5.5](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-5.5.pdf)
- [Laravel 5.6](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-5.6.pdf)
- [Laravel 5.7](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-5.7.pdf)
- [Laravel 5.8](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-5.8.pdf)
- [Laravel 6.x](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-6.x.pdf)
- [Laravel 7.x](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-7.x.pdf)
- [Laravel 8.x](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-8.x.pdf)
- [Laravel 9.x](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-9.x.pdf)
- [Laravel 10.x](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-10.x.pdf)
- [Laravel 11.x](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-11.x.pdf)
- [Laravel 12.x](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-12.x.pdf)
- [Laravel master](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/raw/refs/heads/main/laravel-master.pdf)

## License & copyright

All the PDF files available in [laravel-docs-in-pdf](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf) repo are licensed under [The Unlicense](https://github.com/mnishihan/laravel-docs-in-pdf/blob/main/LICENSE) license and available in [public domain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_domain). Feel free to copy, modify, distribute or whatever you want to do with these files.

But, please be aware that, the documentation content of all the PDF files (beside the cover & preface pages) are not covered with this license and is licensed under the original license of [Laravel documentation](https://github.com/laravel/docs/blob/9.x/license.md) as defined in the [original documentation's repo](https://github.com/laravel/docs).
